Creampied little sister

So for the past week I’ve been reading posts here and it definitely developed a new kink for me. Ever since I (m24) started reading people’s stories, I’ve grown increasingly attracted to my little sister.

Last night after having a few drinks I decided to make my move. She was laying on the couch face down wearing tight booty shorts with her ass cheeks hanging out so I walked up and gave her butt a smack and told her that she shouldn’t wear such revealing clothing around the house. She flipped over, startled that I slapped her ass, but then immediately smirked and said why cause you like it? As she said that, she noticed my bulge in my shorts. Even more surprised now, she was like, wow it is because I’m turning you on!

I was a little embarrassed that she noticed but I realized this was my chance. I told her it was hard seeing her dressed like that since me and my girlfriend recently broke up it’s been a while since I had sex and having a half naked girl around the house was a major tease…. Well I shouldn’t have said she was a tease because right after I said that she started rubbing her chest and flashing more cleavage. Doing anything she could to get me more turned on — I couldn’t handle it any longer.

After what felt like an eternity of her teasing me, I just whipped my cock out. I could tell she was happy I did because she immediately smiled and grabbed it. Next thing I know, I’m standing there getting a sloppy blow job from my little sister.

I let her suck me off for a few minutes before suggesting we should go upstairs to my bedroom. Once we got up there I threw her on my bed face down and railed her from behind. Her tight pussy was unreal and she was begging me to cum in her. I didn’t think it was a good idea but in the moment I couldn’t resist. I filled her pussy with my load and both of us let out an accomplished sigh. I think we both fulfilled a fantasy last night.

Btw, she let me take a picture of her laying face down naked on my bed with my cum dripping out of her pussy